when they asked me to launch then start
Miki I jumped at the chance because I've
been associated with the Disney
organization all my life and of course
fisher-price has been a big part of the
Osmonds life we have so many kids as a
matter of fact the Osmonds keep
fisher-price in business what I just did
every kid on this planet would love to
do and that is dance with Mickey Mouse
obviously every every kid on this planet
cannot do what I just did so if you
can't have the real thing fisher-price
has come up with the next best thing
they have the most unbelievable ability
to bring characters to life and may I
Nerdist to you dance star Mickey hello
Mickey
hello Christie how are you I'm good
you know I've been visiting I can't
start making backstage and he's ready
really yes well Mickey I understand
you've been working on some dance moves
are you ready to show us what you can do
we only have a few more minutes left I
want you to show me one more thing do
you have any energy left in you okay all
right I understand that you've been
working on the very extra-special move
would you like to show us it doesn't
really matter what I think it doesn't
matter what you think the most important
thing that I have found is what the
judges think judges I know this isn't
the quite the Mirrorball trophy but I
would like to present something to dance
star Mickey this is the mousekeball
trophy there you go
as close as I can get to my broken
[Applause]
[Music]